Updating Dev-Guide how to handle PR which partly solve issue (#152)
dcs4cop/xcube: docs/DEV-GUIDE.md

1. Merge PR after all reviewers are accepted your change. Otherwise go back. 
1. Remove issue label "in progress".
1. Delete the development branch "developer-issue#-title".
1. If the PR is only partly solving an issue:

>     1. Do not include the line "closes #<issue>" in your last commit message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Make sure the issue contains a to-do list (checkboxes) to complete the issue. 
    1. Do not include the line "closes #<issue>" in your last commit message. 
```

    1. Add "relates to issue#" in PR.  

>     1. Make sure to check the corresponding boxes after the PR is merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Make sure to check the corresponding to-do items (checkboxes) *after* the PR is merged.
```
